v2alpha1 support for short hosts (#1311)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/user/custom-resources/apirule/v2alpha1/04-10-apirule-custom-resource.md

| **corsPolicy.exposeHeaders**                     |  **NO**  | Specifies headers exposed with the **Access-Control-Expose-Headers** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | None                                                                                                                  |
| **corsPolicy.maxAge**                            |  **NO**  | Specifies the maximum age of CORS policy cache. The value is provided in the **Access-Control-Max-Age** CORS header.                                                                                                                                                                  | None                                                                                                                  |

> | **hosts**                                        | **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It must be a short name or a valid fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in format: at least two domain labels with characters, numbers, or hypens.                                                          | Short name or FQDN format.                                                                                                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **hosts**                                        | **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It must be a RFC 1123 label or a valid fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in format: at least two domain labels with characters, numbers, or hypens.                                                          | Lowercase RFC 1123 label or FQDN format.                                                                                                               |
```

> | **hosts**                                        | **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It must be a RFC 1123 label or a valid fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in format: at least two domain labels with characters, numbers, or hyphens.                                                          | Lowercase RFC 1123 label or FQDN format.                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| **hosts**                                        | **YES**  | Specifies the Service's communication address for inbound external traffic. It must be a RFC 1123 label or a valid, fully qualified domain name (FQDN) in the following format: at least two domain labels with characters, numbers, or hyphens.                                                          | Lowercase RFC 1123 label or FQDN format.                                                                                                |
```

      methods: [ "GET" ]
      noAuth: true
```

> Usage of short host name. It will use the domain from the referenced Gateway `kyma-system/kyma-gateway`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample APIRule illustrates the usage of a short host name. It uses the domain from the referenced Gateway `kyma-system/kyma-gateway`:
```
